Change toolbar's traverse so it starts the action from the first branch instead of the current (closes #1479) (#1481)
VirtusLab/git-machete-intellij-plugin: CHANGE-NOTES.md

## v3.5.0
- Dropped explicit refresh action in favor of automatic updates.

> - Changed traverse action in the toolbar, so the traverses starts from the first branch instead of the current.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed traverse action in the toolbar, so that the traverses start from the first branch instead of the current branch.
```
